docs : Added documentation for namespace visibility (#1204)
accuknox/KubeArmor: getting-started/kubearmor_visibility.md

  ```
</details>

### Updating Namespace Visibility

> KubeArmor has the ability to let the user select what kind of events have to be traced by changing the namespace `kubearmor-visibility`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeArmor has the ability to let the user select what kind of events have to be traced by changing the annotation `kubearmor-visibility` at the namespace.
```

* Checking Namespace visibility

  * Namespace visibility can be checked using `kubectl describe`. 

  ```text
  kubectl describe ns wordpress-mysql | grep kubearmor-visibility

  kubearmor-visibility: process, file, network, capabilities
  ```
  * **To update the visibility of namespace :** Now let's update Kubearmor visibility using `kubectl annotate`. Currently KubeArmor supports `process`, `file`, `network`, `capabilities`.
  Lets try to update visibility for the namespace `wordpress-mysql`
 
   ```text
    kubectl annotate ns wordpress-mysql kubearmor-visibility=network --overwrite
    "namespace/wordpress-mysql annotated"

  ```

>     we can confirm whether the visibility has been changed or not, using the `kubectl describe` command above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: To turn off the visibility across all aspects, use `kubearmor-visibility=none`. Note that any policy violations or events that results in non-success returns would still be reported in the logs.
```

* Open up a terminal, and watch logs using the `karmor` cli
  ```text
  karmor logs --logFilter=all -n wordpress-mysql

  ```
  
* In another terminal, let's exec into the pod and run some process commands . Try `ls` inside the pod

  ```text
    POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pods -n wordpress-mysql -l app=wordpress -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') && kubectl -n wordpress-mysql exec -it $POD_NAME -- bash
  # ls
  ```
  Now, we can notice that no logs have been generated for the above command and logs with only `Operation: Network` are shown.
  >**Note** If telemetry is disabled, the user wont get audit event even if there is an audit rule.

  >**Note** Only the logs are affected by changing the visibility, we still get all the alerts that are generated.

* Let's simulate a sample policy violation, and see whether we still get alerts or not.
    * **Policy violation :**
    ```text
    POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pods -n wordpress-mysql -l app=wordpress -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') && kubectl -n wordpress-mysql exec -it $POD_NAME -- bash
    #apt 
    ```

>     Here, we can notice that the alert with `Operation: Process` is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here, note that the alert with `Operation: Process` is reported.
```
